README improvements (#9)
icerpc/hello: README.md

| [Slice Greeter](./src//slice/Greeter.slice)   | `icerpc://hello.icerpc.dev/VisitorCenter.Greeter`  | A simple service that greets visitors | [C# Secure](https://github.com/icerpc/icerpc-csharp/tree/0.3.x/examples/slice/Secure/Client) <br>[C# QUIC](https://github.com/icerpc/icerpc-csharp/tree/0.3.x/examples/slice/Quic/Client)       |
| [Protobuf Greeter](./src/proto/greeter.proto) | `icerpc://hello.icerpc.dev/visitor_center.Greeter` | A simple service that greets visitors | [C# Secure](https://github.com/icerpc/icerpc-csharp/tree/0.3.x/examples/protobuf/Secure/Client) <br>[C# QUIC](https://github.com/icerpc/icerpc-csharp/tree/0.3.x/examples/protobuf/Quic/Client) |

## Running the server using Docker

The `hello` server is available as a Docker image on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/icerpc/hello). The server
requires TLS certificates to run, so you will need to provide the server certificate and private key. Certificates can

> be obtained using a service like [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/). This repository also contains a set of

Reviewer: >  Certificates can be obtained using a service like [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/)

I would remove this sentence, it is not important for the example. We don't provide any special support for Let's Encrypt.

self-signed [certificates](./certs) that can be used for testing purposes.

### Docker CLI

```bash

> docker run --name hello -p 4062:4062/tcp -p 4062:4062/udp -v /path/to/certificates/:/certs icerpc/hello

Reviewer 2: I assume:
`-v /path/to/certificates/:/certs`

means mount the /path/to/certificates/ directory as /certs?

Is it common to use different names (certifications vs certs)?

> so you will need to provide the server certificate and private key

It's not clear to me which names I need to pick for these files.

Author: > means mount the /path/to/certificates/ directory as /certs?
Yes!

> Is it common to use different names (certifications vs certs)?

There's no preference either way. For instance the popular `linuxserver/nginx` container uses `-v /some/content:/usr/share/nginx/html:ro` as their example.

> It's not clear to me which names I need to pick for these files.

I'll elaborate

| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ |
| `LOG_LEVEL`          | The [log level](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/extensions/logging?tabs=command-line#log-level) | `Debug`                  |
| `SERVER_CERT`        | Path to the server certificate                                                                                | `/certs/server_cert.pem` |
| `SERVER_KEY`         | Path to the server private key                                                                                | `/certs/server_key.pem`  |
| `USE_TLS_WITH_TCP`   | Configure the usage of TLS with the TCP transport                                                             | `true`                   |

Certificates are **required** to run the server as the QUIC transport requires TLS.

## Building with Docker Compose

This repository contains a [`Dockerfile`](./Dockerfile) that can be used to build the server as well as a

> [`compose.yml`](./compose.yml) file that can be used to build and run the server locally

Reviewer 2: Your file is named compose.yaml.

using Docker Compose.

> This is the recommended way to build and run the server as QUIC support in .NET is not available on all systems.

Reviewer 2: I would remove this sentence. The ability to run QUIC on any system is not what this container is about.

> *The follows commands must be run from the root directory of the repository.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*The following commands must be run from the repository's root directory.*
```
